=head1 NAME

Amon2::Plugin::Web::TweetButton - TweetButton Helper Plugin

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  package MyApp::Web;
  use base qw/MyApp Amon2::Web/;

  __PACKAGE__->load_plugins('Web::TweetButton' => {
    lang => 'ja',
  });

=head1 NOTE

THIS IS ALPHA QUALITY CODE!

If you found bug, please report by e-mail or twitter(@memememomo).

=head1 INSTALL

  $ git clone git@github.com:memememomo/Amon2-Plugin-Web-TweetButton.git
  $ cpanm ./Amon2-Plugin-Web-TweetButton

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Amon2::Plugin::Web::TweetButton> adds a C<tweet_button> helper.
It is compatible with the button described on twitter page L<http://twitter.com/goodies/tweetbutton>.

=head2 Helper

  [% c().tweet_button() %]

Generate tweet button.

=head2 Arguments

All the arguments can be set globally (when loading a plugin) or locally (in the template).

=over 4

=item count

  [% c().tweet_button({ count => 'horizontal' }) %]

Location of the tweet count box (can be "vertical", "horizontal" or "none"; "vertical" by default).

=item url

  [% c().tweet_button({ url => 'http://example.com' }) %]

The URL you are sharing (HTTP Referrer by default).

=item text

  [% c().tweet_button({ url => 'Wow!' }) %]

The text that will appear in the tweet (Content of the <title> tag by default).

=item via

  [% c().tweet_button({ via => 'memememomo' }) %]

The author of the tweet (no default).

=item related

  [% c().tweet_button({ related => 'memememomo:A robot' }) %]

Related twitter accounts (no default).

=item lang

  [% c().tweet_button({ lang => 'ja' }) %]

The language of the tweet (no default).

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

memememomo E<lt>memememmomo@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
